#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.9.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via edx-toggles
cryptography==46.0.1
    # via
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==4.2.24
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-cors-headers==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-extensions==4.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-waffle==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.11
    # via edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-auth-backends==4.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-django-utils==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-opaque-keys==3.0.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-toggles==5.4.1
    # via edx-auth-backends
idna==3.10
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via code-annotations
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via jinja2
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements/base.in
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==25.0
    # via drf-yasg
psutil==7.1.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pymongo==4.15.1
    # via edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.6.0
    # via edx-django-utils
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via social-auth-core
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.7.0
    # via
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via edx-opaque-keys
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via drf-yasg
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
