#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.3.11
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
cachetools==6.2.0
    # via tox
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
coverage[toml]==7.10.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.4.0
    # via pylint
distlib==0.4.0
    # via virtualenv
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-extensions==4.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-opaque-keys==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-toggles==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==37.5.3
    # via factory-boy
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via pylint
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mock==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
    #   tox
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.3.8
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.9.0
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.9.1
    # via tox
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via pylint
tox==4.28.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tzdata==2025.2
    # via faker
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.34.0
    # via tox

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
